CS411 Project Assignment 1


Idea 1: “Rate my date”
Our first idea is called Dating Ratings which is basically a Rate My Date website. 
This is similar to ‘rate my professors’, but instead, this is for dating. 
Someone can make a profile and then after you go on dates your date can go on your profile and rate you and make comments. 
We will have the user store their information (profile photo, age, name, hometown, and then have a star rating based on their ratings they have). 
People can search by the person (to submit the review of that person) and by city (to filter by city and only see people in that specific city and 
also to make sure it is the right person you are reviewing and making it more local). 
The API’s Used: data sets with zip codes for each city (searching by city and using radius to figure out dates closest to you), 
AWS Rekognition (using this API to look at an image and take physical attributes from it and autofill that, 
so people who are reviewing the person knows they are reviewing the same person). 
Reviews will expire after 2 years as we know people will change and develop. 


API
1. AWS Rekognition https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/
  - Face recognition analyzes an image and then compares it to other images to see if the faces are the same. 
  - Also, you can analyze faces by detecting emotions, what the person wearing (detects if the person wears glasses or not), and gender. 

2. Zip Code Distance https://www.zipcodeapi.com/ 
  - US Zip Code Information https://rapidapi.com/dkr73/api/us-zip-code-information/ 
  - Provides information about input zip code.

Idea 2: 
Our second idea is basically tik-tok and youtube combined, it will be a website where you first put your time preferences 
(ex: I want to watch a video that’s a minimum of 30 seconds and a maximum of 2 minutes) and then it will generate a random video for you to watch, 
and if you watch it for less than X% (haven’t decided the actual number percentage yet) 
it shows that you weren’t too interested in the video and topic and the website will generate another video similar to the topic 
but not exactly the same topic, and based on how much they scroll after how long they watch it the website will keep generating new video topics. 
There will also be the aspect of saving videos you really like and also sharing/sending videos within the platform to people. 
The APIs we will use are youtube and pixels.

API
1. Youtube API references: https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/videos/list 
  - Provides popular videos, trending videos etc...

2. Pixels https://www.pexels.com/api/ 
Provides trending videos on the website
You can search for specific videos
+) also you can find photos 

Database: MongoDB (document database)
